All right, so to test what we've got so far.
I'm gonna do this in two steps.
First, I'm gonna go on the frontend
and we are console logging the payment method
that will have the ID, and then we'll go to the backend
and we'll actually mainly run it with the ID
that comes back from this payment method.
(clears throat)
And if that works, we'll write the mutation
and hook everything up.
So let's go to, I just signed out.
The one Click.
Okay, I am in, go to my cart,
for two,
so over my Dev tools.
Clear everything out, check it.
There we go.
There is my ID, okay.
Then I'll go to right here and pass that.
So mutation checkout ID,
and I'll go to my backend right here.
Clear it out.
Let's just triple check that the code is on the backend
is actually going to call it a log, the charge.
Oh, look, we didn't do that yet.
So console.log, the charge, how to restart it now.
These tokens are only good for one try.
So if something breaks
and you have to get another token.
All right, so clear up my Dev tools, run it.
And it worked, this is the charge.
And I believe now if we go to our Keystone payments,
there we go.
January 15th is when I'm running and recording this.
304 US dollars.
Okay, so we know all of that's working.
Let's go to our frontend and hookup the mutation.
Let's go to somewhere near the top of our checkout here
and write the mutation.
So const, create, order mutation as you could do, GQL,
let's import GQL.
Here we go.
We have a mutation called checkout and actually, no, sorry.
I've been calling that create order mutation
that takes in a token that is a string is required.
A difference between GraphQL types
and TypeScript types is the capital on that string.
Then inside of that,
we actually run checkout where the token
is the token variable that gets passed in.
And back from that, we want the ID, the charge, the total,
and then each item in that, which has ID and the name.
I'm gonna save.
And we'll take this create order mutation
and we'll go into our checkout form here
and just say const square bracket.
Checkout, and any errors.
This is going to put us in a bit of a pickle
because we already have a variable called error in here.
So we need to do is de structure that
and we'll call it a GraphQL error.
And oh, we need to de structure that here,
curly brackets and that is equal to use mutation,
make sure we import use mutation and that gets passed,
create order mutation.
And there is one variable that we need to pass,
but the variable is token
and we don't have the token variable just yet.
We only have the token variable at this point.
So this is a case where we can't pass it at definition time,
but we will pass it at call time.
So give that a save.
It looks like everything is happy.
And we'll go down here and let's take care of this error
before we get anything here.
We'll just duplicate that.
And if there is any GraphQL errors
and we'll display that
you could also use your error component as well,
if you want to use different styling, but in this case,
I want to keep it nice and small, right above the checkout.
Additionally, this error here we need to return
from this function, which this stops the checkout
from happening because there was clearly an error
and also we need to take our end progress
and called done on there because if there is an error,
we need to say, all right, something happened
we're still on this page.
Let's display it to the user
and stop this function from running.
But number five is what we're here for
is send the token from step three
to the Keystone server via customization.
So we can say const order is equal to await checkout
and we can pass it our variables and the variable token
is going to be the payment method.id.
Now we have an order value here and we can console.log.
Finished with the order, console.log order
and then we want to change the page to view the order.
And we will get to that in just a second,
but let's see now,
if we can do the whole creation of the charge
just from the client side.
So we'll go back to our payments here.
We'll go to our Value here.
This keeps getting bumped up
'cause I keep bumping up this local host
and then this local host gets bumped up again.
But if I now check this out, checkout, good.
And go to our payments
and we should see another one for $304.
Here it is beauty, beauty, beauty.
So the next thing we need to do
is hop back onto the server side, create the order,
the order items, and clean up any current items
that we may have
and I'll catch you in the next video did you that.